Add instructions for new component scaling (#9)
pivotal/docs-tas-adapter: install.md

      -extensions SAN -config <(cat /etc/ssl/openssl.cnf <(printf "[ SAN ]\nsubjectAltName='DNS:<API-FQDN>'")) \
     -days 365
    ```
1. Create a `tas-adapter-values.yml` file with the desired installation settings, following the schema specified for the package.

   The following values are required:

   ```yaml
   ---
   api_ingress:
     fqdn: "<API-FQDN>"
     tls:

>        crt: "<TLS-CRT>"
>        key: "<TLS-KEY>"

Reviewer: I'd like to keep these fields using the YAML block presentation, since that's how I expect most users will format their values when including the PEM-encoded content directly in the file.
```suggestion
       crt: |
         <TLS-CRT>
       key: |
         <TLS-KEY>
```

   package_registry_base_path: "<PACKAGE-REGISTRY-BASE>"
   kpack_image_tag_prefix: "<KPACK-TAG-PREFIX>"
   ```

   Where:
   * `<API-FQDN>` is the FQDN that you want to use for the TAS adapter API.
   * `<API-REPLICA-COUNT>` is the desired number of instances for the TAS adapter API deployment.
   * `<TLS-CRT>` is the PEM-encoded public certificate for the TAS adapter API.
   * `<TLS-KEY>` is the PEM-encoded private key for the TAS adapter API.
   * `<PACKAGE-REGISTRY-BASE>` is the container registry "folder"/"project" where application source code (Packages) will be uploaded

>    * `<KPACK-TAG-PREFIX>` is the container registry "folder"/"project" where runnable application images (Droplets) will be uploaded

Reviewer: Could you change this back to use `<ul>` and `<li>` tags, and remove the `API-REPLICA-COUNT` line? Whatever Markdown renderer VMware docs uses doesn't process the markdown UL syntax correctly.

Reviewer: (That is, it doesn't process it correctly when nested like this.)

Reviewer 2: Interesting - we were wondering about why there was inline html.

Author: @emalm has anyone tried it with '-' instead of '*' to see if that will work better in the VMware docs? It seems better to me if we can avoid weird mashups of html and md, if at all possible.

Reviewer: @julian-hj I haven't tried that, but it's worth a shot later today. I too would prefer we use Markdown as much as possible instead of dropping down to "raw" HTML!

   Optional scaling values - example below (consult the Tanzu CLI output for more information):

   ```yaml
   ---
   scale:
      cf_k8s_api:
    limits:
      cpu: "<API-CPU-LIMIT>"
      memory: "<API-MEMORY-LIMIT>"
    requests:
      cpu: "<API-CPU-REQUEST>"
      memory: "<API-MEMORY-REQUEST>"

>    replicas: <API-REPLICA-COUNT>

Reviewer: I think these lines need to be indented deeper to nest correctly.

   ```

>    These map to [Kubernetes Pod Specification](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#resource-units-in-kubernetes) fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The `requests` and `limits` fields map directly to the [resource requests and limits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#resource-requests-and-limits-of-pod-and-container) fields on the Kubernetes containers for these system components.
```

      -extensions SAN -config <(cat /etc/ssl/openssl.cnf <(printf "[ SAN ]\nsubjectAltName='DNS:<API-FQDN>'")) \
     -days 365
    ```
1. Create a `tas-adapter-values.yml` file with the desired installation settings, following the schema specified for the package.

   The following values are required:

   ```yaml
   ---
   api_ingress:
     fqdn: "<API-FQDN>"
     tls:
       crt: |
         <TLS-CRT>
       key: |
         <TLS-KEY>
   package_registry_base_path: "<PACKAGE-REGISTRY-BASE>"
   kpack_image_tag_prefix: "<KPACK-TAG-PREFIX>"
   ```

   Where:
   - `<API-FQDN>` is the FQDN that you want to use for the TAS adapter API.
   - `<TLS-CRT>` is the PEM-encoded public certificate for the TAS adapter API.
   - `<TLS-KEY>` is the PEM-encoded private key for the TAS adapter API.
   - `<PACKAGE-REGISTRY-BASE>` is the container registry "folder"/"project" where application source code (Packages) will be uploaded

>    - `<KPACK-TAG-PREFIX>` is the container registry "folder"/"project" where runnable application images (Droplets) will be uploaded

Reviewer: Confirmed, using `-`es for the items still doesn't render correctly in VMware docs:
<img width="854" alt="Screen Shot 2021-12-07 at 12 38 14 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5836757/145102927-ddb5c041-c7e8-4ec0-9e77-18b598a0bf67.png">
